[Moodle: 0012_mod_page_view_php_id_1260474]
Source: knowledge/import/raw/moodle_html\0012_mod_page_view_php_id_1260474.html
Last updated: 2026-03-16 13:54

moodle.Nottingham: Accessibility Statement and help | moodle.Nottingham Skip to main content Your current browser is incompatible with this new version of Moodle. More Information Side panel Home Dashboard My Modules More Test Your Text Teaching Timetables Help and Support More 0 Notifications You have no notifications See all 0 There are 0 unread conversations HL Profile Grades Calendar Messages Private files Reports Preferences Log out Home Dashboard My Modules More Collapse Expand Test Your Text Teaching Timetables Help and Support Accessibility Statement and help Completion requirements The Nottingham Accessible Practices Our core commitment The University of Nottingham is committed to supporting all students in reaching their full potential. Part of this commitment is to ensure your learning experiences meet accessibility requirements. This means that learning resources will be designed to present as few barriers as possible for disabled students. Accessible resources benefit all users, especially those users with disabilities. Our goal is to make your university experience as accessible as possible, continually improving the support we offer as best practice and technology evolve. We will regularly check and maintain our commitment to accessibility in line with best practices and the law to fulfil the responsibilities expected of the University of Nottingham. This statement is always evolving and reflects our current stance with respect to digital accessibility. As we work towards compliance, the digital content, systems, and tools you access at the University should meet the following accessibility standards. Digital learning resources Digital learning resources should be designed to be simple and easy to navigate. You should be able to easily find information on timetabling, support options, and assessment types and dates. You should find that additional reading is clearly marked as ‘core’, ‘recommended’ or ‘further reading’ to help you prioritise your use of those resources. Structure and navigation Documents and web pages should include heading styles where relevant so they can be navigated easily using tools like the Navigation Pane (Word), or the Table of Contents / Outline view (PDFs). You should have access to materials that underpin teaching at least 48 hours before your class. Materials produced during a teaching session should be made available to you within 48 hours after class. Hyperlinks in teaching materials should have descriptive link text, for example “assessment guidance” or “view assessment guidance” rather than “Click here”. Tables You should find that tables are used for displaying data, not for formatting or layout. Tables should be designed to be simple to interrogate, avoiding split and merged cells. If you use assistive technology, you should find that any header rows or columns are marked for screen readers. Images Where images are significant to the learning of information and easy to describe, you should find that the key teaching points are briefly described in the alt-text (alternative text function) and / or the image’s caption. Where images require a longer description, you should be directed to where that description can be found, in accompanying materials, or the lecture content. Where images are complex, and rely on visual interpretation, this will be signposted to you so that you can ask for help if needed. Decorative images in documents, web pages, and presentations should be marked accordingly. Multimedia Pre-prepared multimedia such as video or audio should have captions or a transcript, or a reliable and reasonable alternative to the multimedia content should be provided. Some pre-prepared content is difficult to caption in a way that makes sense: scientific notation, languages, mathematics and music are some examples where this can be particularly challenging. Where these occur, we will provide accompanying materials and alternative formats wherever possible. Where possible, any third-party content that is used should have captions available. Colour To make content accessible to people with colour vision deficiency, colour should not be used on its own to signify important information. Good colour contrast between text and background should be maintained. Formats Resources will be provided in a range of formats. We prioritise formats that provide access to assistive technologies and which allow you to customise the formatting to best meet your needs. If your module uses other specialist formats, you should be provided with information to help you anticipate any barriers and to seek help if required. Consistency Where available, the built-in accessibility checkers across applications and platforms supported at the University of Nottingham should be used when digital content is developed. Known issues The University of Nottingham is aware that there are some digital accessibility challenges that we cannot consistently meet at present. Where these are known, we will be clear about the challenges we face, and ensure that you have access to support if you need help accessing any affected resources. We are mindful of the ever-changing context and emergent technologies in Higher Education and hope to resolve these issues in the future. At present there are known issues with: Lecture recordings We use lecture capture as widely as possible to benefit as many students as we can. The downside of this is that the volume of recordings is very high, so ensuring 100% accurate captions for every recording is a disproportionate burden. In some circumstances, for example if the captions are considered unintelligible, or offensive, they may be removed. Echo360, our lecture capture tool, provides captions if it deems them to be 95% accurate, otherwise a transcript will be provided. If you are registered with Disability Services, we will work with you to ensure that your specific access needs are met. Complex images Many subject areas contain complex images. These might include data visualisations, graphs, blueprints, medical and scientific images, maps, circuit diagrams, and historical documents. Where possible we will provide alt-text descriptions of complex images. Where the visual content replicates existing information in accompanying materials, or in the lecture content, the image’s alt text will provide a brief description of the image and point to where that description can be found. Where the image presents unique visual information that visually impaired people may need help interpreting, we will: Provide a simple summary describing the data type and purpose. Signpost to you that the image is complex, and that interpreting it might need some support from your tutors. There are some instances in which alternative-text descriptions of images may not be provided. These include resources prepared by a third-party and those produced during a live teaching session and then distributed via Moodle. Some specialist media formats do not allow the provision of alt-text. PDF Documents in PDF format can have varying degrees of accessibility. Where possible, documents will be distributed in MS Word format, although this is not always possible for some types of content. PDF is essential to some schools and departments, particularly in Science and Engineering, where it is used to communicate scientific notation. We are currently working with partners across the sector to better understand the workflows behind PDF and to produce guidance for those workflows where PDF is a requirement. Assessment In some subject areas professional competency or accreditation requirements may constrain the way assessments take place. Arrangements will be made through disability support plans which will be made available to module conveners, but please discuss with your module convenor directly if you have concerns which are additional to, or outside of, your support plan. Notation In some subject areas, the presentation of notation presents some genuine accessibility challenges, and best practice is currently evolving. We are contributing to sector-wide efforts to develop best practice in these areas. If you have any challenges in accessing notation elements in your course materials, please speak to your module convenor. Hand-written notes Hand-written notes produced in class and scanned for online distribution may not be fully accessible. Legacy Content The University is committed to keeping resources up to date in terms of formats, creating the most accessible experience we can, and we expect most of our resources to comply with our accessibility standards. However, a small number of legacy and third-party materials cannot easily be updated to newer, more accessible formats, though we continue to seek ways of resolving this. If you find any legacy or third-party resources challenging to access, please discuss this with your module convenor. Other issues Any other issues specific to a module will be highlighted in the module’s accessibility information in Moodle. When offered the option to choose modules you will be provided with information to help you anticipate any accessibility challenges. Benefitting from our accessible practices Accessible content can make you more productive and gives you more personalisation options. Some examples include: being able to see nested summaries of all the headings and subheadings in a document, being able to bring up a list of all the links on a page, being able to have the text read aloud, being able to change magnification and colours. To benefit from these productivity enhancements, we recommend you explore our Digital Student guidance to learn the tips, tricks and tools that will help you make the most of our quality content. Support If you experience problems with the accessibility of our resources, please contact your module convenor and explain your difficulties. They may suggest working in partnership with the disability support team depending on the nature and source of the barrier. If this is unsatisfactory you should raise the topic with your course representatives, who can raise the issue within the school’s student-staff forum. If those routes are still not satisfactory, we recommend that you contact your school’s Director of Education and Student Experience. Version: 1.01, May 2024. This statement will be reviewed annually. Moodle Accessibility Settings The University is committed to making Moodle accessible for as many people as possible. There are no longer any settings in Moodle to customise it. The whole theme of Moodle is now configured for accessibility: To allow users to use the features in their browser (nowadays better than any features we used to have in Moodle). To make the site responsive and flexible. Technical accessibility statement for Moodle 4.1 How to change settings on your computer to adjust font size and colours generally You may already have preferences set up on your computer or want to standardise how you access things across websites and applications. If this is the case, you can change settings in your browser to change how Moodle and other websites and applications look. Please see below for ideas on changing text style, size and background colour in different browsers. Adjusting text size You can increase or reduce the text size using your browser's zoom function. On most browsers: Pressing the Control and + keys together will increase the size of the page. Pressing the Control and - keys together will decrease the size of the page. Pressing the Control and 0 keys together will return the page size to the original. On a Macintosh computer, you should use the 'Command' key instead of 'Control' in these combinations. If this does not work on your browser, please consult your browser's help pages. Please note: As part of the responsive design, once you have zoomed in beyond 150% blocks move to the bottom of the screen to allow the text in the central column to expand to the requested zoom size. Changing your browser settings If you are using a website or Moodle and the text is too small, the font is difficult to read, or the colours that are used make them harder to read, you can change some of these settings in your web browser. Below are instructions on how to change the following Text Size, Text Style and Text and Background Colour in a variety of browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox Safari Opera Adjusting the default font size In most browsers, you can also adjust the default font sizes of sites in appearance settings to keep the font sizes between sessions. Google Chrome's guidance on managing specific zoom levels for sites and setting default font sizes. Microsoft Edge's guidance on managing default font sizes . Using Moodle with different viewers, readers and mobile devices Moodle has been designed to be responsive to smaller screen sizes and will re-flow automatically to make the best use of available screens. If you have any specific challenges using Moodle, then please get in touch with [REDACTED_EMAIL] who will be able to help. Further Information Many University departments provide specialist assistance with computing facilities: IT Services Learn more about our IT services available for students, staff and visitors at The University of Nottingham. From email and wireless to storage and computer repair, you can find the information you need on the IT Services website . Assistive Technology We have various assistive hardware and software to support you with your studies. You can find more information about what assistive technology we have and how to access it on the Libraries' Assistive Technology web pages . Support for your studies Support for your studies is available, including Academic Support and Disability Support. You can find more information about what’s available on the Student Services website . Feedback We try to make Moodle as user-friendly as possible and are always trying to improve accessibility and user experience. We would therefore welcome your comments and suggestions. Please email Email "[REDACTED_EMAIL]" who will be able to help. Last modified: Friday, 26 July 2024, 9:10 PM Contact site support You are logged in as Hongxi LYU ( Log out ) Get the mobile app Powered by Moodle Messaging Contacts Messages selected: 1 × Search people and messages Contacts 0 There are 0 pending contact requests Search people and messages Settings Contacts Requests 0 There are 0 pending contact requests No contacts No contact requests Contact request sent Personal space Save draft messages, links, notes etc. to access later. Delete for me and for everyone else Block Unblock Remove Add Delete Delete Send contact request Accept and add to contacts Decline OK Cancel Starred ( ) total conversations There are unread conversations No starred conversations Group ( ) total conversations There are unread conversations No group conversations Private ( ) total conversations There are unread conversations No private conversations Contacts Non-contacts Load more Messages Load more No results Search people and messages Privacy You can restrict who can message you Accept messages from: My contacts only My contacts and anyone in my courses Notification preferences General Use enter to send Delete selected messages Send contact request You have blocked this user. Unblock user You are unable to message this user See all
