[Graduation]
Source: https://www.nottingham.edu.cn/en/graduation/graduation.aspx
Last updated: 2026-02-28 23:55

Registration
On the day
Certificates
Dress guide
Winter 2025 Graduation
Saturday 15 November 2025
Summer 2026
Graduation (upcoming)
Saturday 18 - Sunday 19 July 2026
Get ready to your graduation
When and where
Saturday 15 November 2025
Ceremony venue:
The D.H. Lawrence Auditorium (New Audi)
Onsite registration and gowning:
The Lord Dearing Building
Detailed schedule:
The University will host 3 ceremonies, you can click the link below to view confirmed dates and times for each faculty's graduation ceremony.
Detailed schedule
VZan
669272
Click above to watch the Summer 2025 Graduation review video
What you need to do
Register for graduation
It's time to let us know what you prefer for graduation arrangements. Registration is now open, and
your decision must reach us by 2 November.
Register now
Prepare for the day
Find information about the day itself, from the timings of the day to what occurs before, during and after your ceremony.
On the day
Certificates
Click below to find out how to get your degree certificate and diploma supplement.
Certificates
Dress guide
A celebration of years of hard work and dedication, graduation is your time to shine.
Many graduates want to dress up for the occasion, donning their best formal attire underneath their Nottingham gown but it’s also important to us that you feel comfortable too.
Dress guide
Ceremony live-streaming
Ceremonies will be streamed live in DB A05 on campus and on various online platforms.
Key contacts
Certificates mailing/collecting requests:
Before the release of degree results:
graduation@nottingham.edu.cn
After the release of degree results:
Student-registry@nottingham.edu.cn
Personal files:
XSDA@nottingham.edu.cn
Employment:
careers@nottingham.edu.cn
Alumni services:
alumni@nottingham.edu.cn
Eligibility to graduate: Please check the award results via Blue Castle. If there is any concern, please contact
student-registry@nottingham.edu.cn
#WeAreUoN
Graduation marks the culmination of many years of hard work and dedication from our students. Giving family, friends, and staff at the university the opportunity to congratulate our new graduates and celebrate their achievements. Mark the occasion by sharing your photos/videos on Douyin, Rednote and Instagram and tagging our official accounts #WeAreUoN
Douyin official account
Rednote official account
Instagram official account
FAQs
Alumni portal
Please note graduation is a public event and by taking part you consent to being photographed/filmed for live broadcast and recorded for commercial use by the university, both in print and online.
If you have any suggestions regarding the graduation ceremonies, please fill
this form
to give us your comments to help us to make improvements.
