[Health and Wellbeing (Official)]
Source: https://www.nottingham.edu.cn/en/health-and-wellbeing-centre/home.aspx
Last updated: 2026-02-28 23:55

Clinic
The Clinic provides a wide range of medical services to the University community including primary care, first aid, medication service, hospital appointment, medical interpretation, vaccination assistance, medical equipment rental, medical standby for high-risk activities, MSH direct billing, student health check, occupational disease support, and etc.
University Counselling  Service
It is staffed by a team of professionally trained, accredited and widely experienced counsellors. The service is accustomed to supporting students and staff from diverse backgrounds and cultures, and dealing with a wide range of emotional, personal and mental health issues.
It operates within the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (BACP) Ethical Framework 2015, the General Data Protection Regulation (UK) 2018, and Personal Information Protection Law (2021), and therefore maintains the highest standards of confidentiality.
Mental Health Advisory Service
There is also a team of specialists who provide specific support to students with significant mental health problems that affect their abilityto participate in their everyday life or academic work. They also assist with referrals to psychiatric hospitals. Student access to the Mental Health Advisory Service is by referral from staff only.
Disability Support Service
The service aims to create an inclusive and equitable teaching and learning environment for the benefit of all our students. It provides student-led support to enable students with disabilities to flourish as independent learners.
It is here to help if you have a physical disability, ongoing mental health difficulties, a long-term health con- dition, an autistic spectrum condition or a specific learning difference such as dyslexia, dyspraxia, dyscalculia or ADHD.
Health Promotion
Health Promotion
team offers a wide range of workshops, events, activities and self-help resources for UNNC staff and students. Featured programs include Mental Health Literacy Programme, Wellbeing Week, Mindfulness Programme, Peer Listener Programme, 21 Days Challenge, and more.
There are always new ways to enhance your own wellbeing.
Meet Our Team
